docs: add FCP renewal caution to JWT licensing pages (TECHDOCS-4569) (#1879)
nginx/documentation: content/solutions/about-subscription-licenses/_index.md

Starting with NGINX Plus R33, subscription licenses use JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) and require usage reporting.  

To get started, add a valid license to each instance and set up usage reporting.

> The resources below cover upgrading, setting up your environment, and understanding how NGINX Plus licensing and reporting work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resources below cover upgrading, setting up your environment, and understanding NGINX product licensing and reporting.
```
